[Backend Configuration Va] Basic user documentation (#802)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: docs/user_guide/backend_configuration.rst

Backend Configuration
=====================

> NeuroConv offers highly convenient control over the type of file backend and the way its datasets are configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NeuroConv offers convenient control over the type of file backend and the way each dataset is configured.
```

I prefer docs to be a bit more matter-of-fact. "highly" feels a bit sales-y to me here.

Find out more about possible backend formats in the `main NWB documentation <https://nwb-overview.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq_details/why_hdf5.html#why-use-hdf5-as-the-primary-backend-for-nwb>`_.

Find out more about chunking and compression in the `advanced NWB tutorials for dataset I/O settings <https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/advanced_io/h5dataio.html#sphx-glr-tutorials-advanced-io-h5dataio-py>`_.

Find out more about memory buffering of large source files in the `advanced NWB tutorials for iterative data write <https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/advanced_io/plot_iterative_write.html#sphx-glr-tutorials-advanced-io-plot-iterative-write-py>`_.

Default configuration
---------------------

> To retrieve a default configuration for an in-memory ``pynwb.NWBFile`` object, use the ``get_default_backend_configuration`` function...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve a default configuration for an in-memory ``pynwb.NWBFile`` object, use the ``get_default_backend_configuration`` function.
```

Are ellipses a common convention where docs transition to code? sklearn uses colons, e.g. [here](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/linear_model.html#elastic-net). I'd be fine with that or just periods.

Reviewer: Also, can we link to the API docs for get_default_backend_configuration?

Author: > Also, can we link to the API docs for get_default_backend_configuration?

Done

.. code-block:: python

    from datetime import datetime
    from uuid import uuid4

    from neuroconv.tools.nwb_helpers import get_default_backend_configuration
    from pynwb import NWBFile, TimeSeries

    session_start_time = datetime(2020, 1, 1, 12, 30, 0)
    nwbfile = NWBFile(
        identifier=str(uuid4()),
        session_start_time=session_start_time,
        session_description="A session of my experiment.",
    )

    time_series = TimeSeries(
        name="MyTimeSeries",
        description="A time series from my experiment.",
        unit="cm/s",
        data=[1., 2., 3.],
        timestamps=[0.0, 0.2, 0.4],
    )
    nwbfile.add_acquisition(time_series)

    default_backend_configuration = get_default_backend_configuration(
        nwbfile=nwbfile, backend="hdf5"
    )

> From which a printout of the contents looks like...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From which a printout of the contents looks like:
```

.. code-block:: python

    print(default_backend_configuration)

.. code-block:: bash

>     Configurable datasets identified using the hdf5 backend
>     -------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    HDF5 dataset configurations
    ------------------------------
```

Could we change the title to this?

Author: Would be in a separate PR

Author: in #842

    acquisition/MyTimeSeries/data

>     -----------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ===========================
```

minor point, but if we are going to use RST syntax for headers we might as well format it so that it gets rendered properly in RST

Author: This line is in the python object printout in console - the `print` is not intended to be RST format, the dashes are just a way of visually separating the datasets and their contents (similar to numpy docstring style, like what would be printed from `?` or `help`)

I gave it a try out of curiosity, but since it is a code block, RST rules do not apply

![image](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/assets/51133164/31f9d694-ed21-495c-9ed5-cd123da63ba4)

We could take it out of the code block to apply the headers as you say, but then the appropriate header characters would also be relative to _where_ in the docs (at what level of indentation) the printout is meant to be placed

Reviewer: that's ok we can just leave it as is

      chunk shape : (3,)
      disk space usage per chunk : 24 B

      compression method : gzip

    acquisition/MyTimeSeries/timestamps
    -----------------------------------
      dtype : float64
      full shape of source array : (3,)
      full size of source array : 24 B

      buffer shape : (3,)
      expected RAM usage : 24 B

      chunk shape : (3,)
      disk space usage per chunk : 24 B

      compression method : gzip

Customization
-------------

To modify the chunking or buffering patterns and compression method or options, change those values in the ``.dataset_configurations`` object using the location of each dataset as a specifier.

Let's demonstrate this by modifying everything we can for the ``data`` field of the ``TimeSeries`` object generated above...

.. code-block:: python

    dataset_configurations = default_backend_configuration.dataset_configurations
    dataset_configuration = dataset_configurations["acquisition/MyTimeSeries/data"]
    dataset_configuration.chunk_shape = (1,)
    dataset_configuration.buffer_shape = (2,)
    dataset_configuration.compression_method = "Zstd"
    dataset_configuration.compression_options = dict(clevel=3)

> Some details to note about what can be changed...
> 
> .. note::
> 
>     Core fields such as the maximum shape and data type of the source data cannot be altered using this method.
> 
> .. note::
> 
>     The ``buffer_shape`` must be a multiple of the ``chunk_shape`` along each axis.
> 
> .. note::
> 
>     You can see what compression methods are available on your installation by examining the following...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Core fields such as the maximum shape and data type of the source data cannot be altered using this method. The ``buffer_shape`` must be a multiple of the ``chunk_shape`` along each axis.

You can see what compression methods are available on your installation by examining the following:
```

Reviewer: I like to reserve the "note" feature for side comments and gotchas. I feel like this is more essential information so I think it goes better in the main text. How would I have a dataset be stored in contiguous mode? Is that possible? Would I delete the entry from `default_backend_configuration.dataset_configurations`?

Author: Good point, I moved all of these and included your latest question into an FAQ section after the main 'how to' demonstrations

    .. code-block:: python

      from neuroconv.tools.nwb_helpers import AVAILABLE_HDF5_COMPRESSION_METHODS

      AVAILABLE_HDF5_COMPRESSION_METHODS

    .. code-block:: bash

      {'gzip': 'gzip',
       ...
       'Zstd': hdf5plugin._filters.Zstd}

    And likewise for ``AVAILABLE_ZARR_COMPRESSION_METHODS``.

> We can confirm these values are saved by re-printing that particular dataset configuration...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can confirm these values are saved by re-printing that particular dataset configuration:
```

It's not clear from this that these configurations made it back into the larger object. It's also not clear how you would use this configuration to modify an in-memory NWBFile object. It would also be great to write this file and then show that the written file followed the chunking and compression parameters we chose. This could be done using HDFView, or some other app or API

Author: > It's not clear from this that these configurations made it back into the larger object.

This was obscured by the odd injection of all the notes; with those moved, I put the two printouts side by side and added some spacing

![image](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/assets/51133164/9e5655d0-23df-4922-bce4-5618ed6348b6)

> It would also be great to write this file and then show that the written file followed the chunking and compression parameters we chose.

The point the demo here makes is just that they get saved in the `backend_configuration` object itself - I can add something to prove that it actually writes the file in that manner (for chunks and compression anyway, can't prove buffering that way)

Though I will probably just demonstrate it with `h5py` since mentioning/showcasing HDFView could lead to annoyance because if a user wanted to try it they'd need to sign up for HDF5 - also Neurosift doesn't display this information, though I'm sure you could just request that - could also use PyNWB HTML repr after https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1100 is merged, but this section is also currently for python script / ipython usage, not specific to a jupyter notebook

Author: Added a section to the FAQ for how to check that customizations (or the default for that matter) actually configure the item correctly in the resulting file

Reviewer: OK great, could you please add a section on writing the data and confirming (somehow) that the data was written with the proper settings?

Author: I did, it's the last section of the FAQ. Uses the file written using the preceeding section

Reviewer: OK that section of the FAQ looks great, but I still feel like it would be nice to have another snippet here showing how to apply the configs to an in-memory NWBFile object and write to disk

Author: I don't understand what you mean here - what are you imagining and how is it different from the preceding section?

.. code-block:: python

    print(dataset_configuration)

.. code-block:: bash

    acquisition/MyTimeSeries/data
    -----------------------------
      dtype : float64
      full shape of source array : (3,)
      full size of source array : 24 B

      buffer shape : (2,)
      expected RAM usage : 16 B

      chunk shape : (1,)
      disk space usage per chunk : 8 B

      compression method : Zstd
      compression options : {'clevel': 3}

Interfaces and Converters
-------------------------

The normal workflow when writing an NWB file using a ``DataInterface`` or ``NWBConverter`` is simple to configure.

> The following example uses the :ref:`example data <example_data>` available from the testing repo...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the :ref:`example data <example_data>` available from the testing repo:
```

        get_default_backend_configuration,
        configure_backend,
    )

    # Instantiate interfaces and converter
    ap_interface = SpikeGLXRecordingInterface(
        file_path=".../spikeglx/Noise4Sam_g0/Noise4Sam_g0_imec0/Noise4Sam_g0_t0.imec0.ap.bin"
    )
    phy_interface = PhySortingInterface(
        folder_path=".../phy/phy_example_0"
    )

    data_interfaces = [ap_interface, phy_interface]
    converter = ConverterPipe(data_interfaces=data_interfaces)

    # Fetch available metadata
    metadata = converter.get_metadata()

    # Create the in-memory NWBFile object and retrieve a default configuration
    backend="hdf5"

    nwbfile = converter.create_nwbfile(metadata=metadata)
    backend_configuration = converter.get_default_backend_configuration(
        nwbfile=nwbfile,
        backend=backend,
    )

    # Make any modifications to the configuration in this step, for example...
    backend_configuration["acquisition/ElectricalSeriesAP/data"].compression_method = "Blosc"

    # Configure and write the NWB file
    nwbfile_path = "./my_nwbfile_name.nwb"
    converter.run_conversion(
        nwbfile_path=nwbfile_path,
        nwbfile=nwbfile,

>         backend=backend,

Reviewer: I feel like this arg shouldn't be necessary if we supply a `backend_configuration`.

Author: Fair - opened https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/840

        backend_configuration=backend_configuration,
    )

.. note::

    If you do not intend to make any alterations to the default configuration for the given backend type, then you can follow the classic workflow...

    .. code-block:: python

        converter = ConverterPipe(data_interfaces=data_interfaces)

        # Fetch available metadata
        metadata = converter.get_metadata()

>         # Create the in-memory NWBFile object and retrieve a default configuration

Author: ```suggestion
        # Create the in-memory NWBFile object and apply the default configuration for HDF5
```

        )

    and all datasets in the NWB file will automatically use the default configuration!

Generic tools
-------------

A more generic approach that can apply to any customized in-memory ``pynwb.NWBFile`` object, not just those
created from data interfaces and converters, would have the following structure...

.. code-block:: python

    from uuid import uuid4
    from datetime import datetime

    from dateutil import tz
    from neuroconv.tools.nwb_helpers import make_or_load_nwbfile, get_default_backend_configuration, configure_backend
    from pynwb import TimeSeries

    nwbfile_path = "./my_nwbfile.nwb"

    session_start_time = datetime(2020, 1, 1, 12, 30, 0, tzinfo=tz.gettz("US/Pacific"))
    nwbfile = pynwb.NWBFile(
        session_start_time=session_start_time,
        session_description="My description...",
        identifier=str(uuid4()),
    )

    # Add neurodata objects to the NWBFile, for example...
    time_series = TimeSeries(
        name="MyTimeSeries",
        description="A time series from my experiment.",
        unit="cm/s",
        data=[1., 2., 3.],
        timestamps=[0.0, 0.2, 0.4],
    )
    nwbfile.add_acquisition(time_series)

>     with make_or_load_nwbfile(

Reviewer 2: My other suggestion here is to simplify this using the pynwb mock functions. I think that the resulting code will be simpler and that will help to emphasize the central point here, how you can use `configure_backend` with any nwbfile to determine the way in which the file is written.

Author: The mocks are great for quick testing, but for a tutorial I'd rather be really explicit about how the data field is specified and all that, which is closer to how the user would create such an object (we don't want to encourage usage of mock classes for actual data conversion code)

Reviewer: Yeah I agree with @CodyCBakerPhD here. It's better to not require the user to know about mocks here

Reviewer 2: OK.

        nwbfile_path=nwbfile_path,
        nwbfile=nwbfile,
        overwrite=True,
        backend="hdf5",

>         verbose=True,

Reviewer 2: is the verbose necessary, isn't it a default right now?  (asking out of curiosity, not prompting a change)

Author: right

Backend Configuration
=====================

NeuroConv offers highly convenient control over the type of file backend and the way its datasets are configured.

> Find out more about possible file types in the `main NWB documentation <https://nwb-overview.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq_details/why_hdf5.html#why-use-hdf5-as-the-primary-backend-for-nwb>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find out more about possible backend formats in the `main NWB documentation <https://nwb-overview.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq_details/why_hdf5.html#why-use-hdf5-as-the-primary-backend-for-nwb>`_.
```

Find out more about chunking and compression in the `advanced NWB tutorials for dataset I/O settings <https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/advanced_io/h5dataio.html#sphx-glr-tutorials-advanced-io-h5dataio-py>`_.

Find out more about memory buffering of large source files in the `advanced NWB tutorials for iterative data write <https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/advanced_io/plot_iterative_write.html#sphx-glr-tutorials-advanced-io-plot-iterative-write-py>`_.

Default configuration
---------------------

> To retrieve a default configuration for an in-memory ``pynwb.NWBFile`` object, use the ``get_default_backend_configuration`` function...

Reviewer 2: I would first have a code block declaring the nwbfile as a working example, then this comment, and then the final code block:

```
    default_backend_configuration = get_default_backend_configuration(
        nwbfile=nwbfile, backend="hdf5"
    )
```

Otherwise, users have to look for the `get_default_backend_configuration` line which is almost at the end. In other words, if you are introducing this function it should come shortly after you talk about it. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think I will do this in general, that is, in the other sections I will create an example and say that we are working with this data, and then have a small code block where I only have the function that I want to explain.

One downside of my proposal is that is harder to copy paste but I am thinking this as an explainer rather than as a how-to so I think this makes sense.

Author: OK well see what it looks like in followup

.. code-block:: python

    from datetime import datetime
    from uuid import uuid4

    from dateutil import tz
    from neuroconv.tools.nwb_helpers import get_default_backend_configuration
    from pynwb import NWBFile, TimeSeries

>     session_start_time = datetime(2020, 1, 1, 12, 30, 0, tzinfo=tz.gettz("US/Pacific"))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    session_start_time = datetime(2020, 1, 1, 12, 30, 0)
```
I guess we don't need this anymore.

    nwbfile = NWBFile(
        identifier=str(uuid.uuid4()),
        session_start_time=session_start_time,
        session_description="A session of my experiment.",
    )

    time_series = TimeSeries(
        name="MyTimeSeries",
        description="A time series from my experiment.",
        unit="cm/s",
        data=[1., 2., 3.],
        timestamps=[0.0, 0.2, 0.4],
    )
    nwbfile.add_acquisition(time_series)

    default_backend_configuration = get_default_backend_configuration(
        nwbfile=nwbfile, backend="hdf5"
    )

From which a printout of the contents looks like...

.. code-block:: python

    print(default_backend_configuration)

.. code-block:: bash

    Configurable datasets identified using the hdf5 backend
    -------------------------------------------------------

    acquisition/MyTimeSeries/data
    -----------------------------
      dtype : float64
      full shape of source array : (3,)

>       full size of source array : 0.00 GB

Reviewer: I'm not crazy about printing sizes like this. I'll propose a small PR to print size with the appropriate units.

Author: A planned eventual follow-up is the auto-scaling into 'reasonable' units - feel free to take that if you want (I know I've seen you do that kind of logarithm based stuff before)

Author: But yes, it's independent of this PR which is just to get basic docs up

Author: Also planning a follow-up with HTML repr for analogous usage in notebooks, was going to let @h-mayorquin handle that due to their growing familiarity with the approach

      buffer shape : (3,)
      expected RAM usage : 0.00 GB

      chunk shape : (3,)
      disk space usage per chunk : 0.00 MB

      compression method : gzip

    acquisition/MyTimeSeries/timestamps
    -----------------------------------
      dtype : float64
      full shape of source array : (3,)
      full size of source array : 0.00 GB

      buffer shape : (3,)
      expected RAM usage : 0.00 GB

      chunk shape : (3,)
      disk space usage per chunk : 0.00 MB

      compression method : gzip

Customization
-------------

> To modify the chunking or buffering patterns and compression method or options, change those values in the ``.dataset_configurations`` object using the location of each dataset as a specifier.

Reviewer 2: I am confused mysefl about this. Do compression options have buffering patterns? I thought the buffering was only an iterator concept and the compressors rely only on chunks. am I confused?

Author: What is confusing and what rephrasing would make it less confusing?

'the chunking or buffering patterns' *and* 'compression method or options'

Author: I'm pretty sure this does adjust buffering and chunking values if changed on something already wrapped with an iterator, though have yet to add automatic wrapper of an iterator as a part of that

They are separate concerns; you specify chunking and buffering separately from compression. Performance and results of compression will indirectly depend on chunking pattern but does not rely on the specification directly

Reviewer 2: Do I understand well that adjusting the buffer_shape will have an effect only if the object is already wrapped in an iterator? So for example, things that we have build with `add_electrical_series`?

Author: right, in a follow-up extend to adjust anything sliceable at least

Let's demonstrate this by modifying everything we can for the ``data`` field of the ``TimeSeries`` object generated above...

.. code-block:: python

    dataset_configurations = default_backend_configuration.dataset_configurations
    dataset_configuration = dataset_configurations["acquisition/MyTimeSeries/data"]
    dataset_configuration.chunk_shape = (1,)
    dataset_configuration.buffer_shape = (2,)
    dataset_configuration.compression_method = "Zstd"
    dataset_configuration.compression_options = dict(clevel=3)

Some details to note about what can be changed...

.. note::

    Core fields such as the maximum shape and data type of the source data cannot be altered using this method.

.. note::

    The ``buffer_shape`` must be a multiple of the ``chunk_shape`` along each axis.

.. note::

>     You can see what compression methods are available on your installation by examining the following...

Reviewer 2: What about the options for each method? Should we add a comment on how to fetch or figure out the options for each method?

Author: At this point there is no strategy for automatic fetching or even 'figuring out' easily, so I wouldn't even mention it

Eventually maybe we can put together a few hand written schemas for these

Author: We're already linking to the closest possible page at the top; otherwise that info is scattered on various dynamic filter pages per method

Reviewer 2: I see. OK, then for def out of scope.

      compression method : Zstd
      compression options : {'clevel': 3}

Interfaces and Converters
-------------------------

The normal workflow when writing an NWB file using a ``DataInterface`` or ``NWBConverter`` is simple to configure.

The following example uses the :ref:`example data <example_data>` available from the testing repo...

.. code-block:: python

    from datetime import datetime

    from dateutil import tz
    from neuroconv import ConverterPipe
    from neuroconv.datainterfaces import SpikeGLXRecordingInterface, PhySortingInterface
    from neuroconv.tools.nwb_helpers import (
        make_or_load_nwbfile,
        get_default_backend_configuration,
        configure_backend,
    )

    # Instantiate interfaces and converter
    ap_interface = SpikeGLXRecordingInterface(
        file_path=".../spikeglx/Noise4Sam_g0/Noise4Sam_g0_imec0/Noise4Sam_g0_t0.imec0.ap.bin"
    )
    phy_interface = PhySortingInterface(
        folder_path=".../phy/phy_example_0"
    )

    data_interfaces = [ap_interface, phy_interface]
    converter = ConverterPipe(data_interfaces=data_interfaces)

    # Fetch available metadata
    metadata = converter.get_metadata()

>     # Create the in-memory NWBFile object and retrieve a default configuration

Reviewer 2: I think this comment is making noise for me.

Reviewer 2: Ah, it is meant to apply to the following two lines.

    backend="hdf5"

    nwbfile = converter.create_nwbfile(metadata=metadata)
    backend_configuration = converter.get_default_backend_configuration(
        nwbfile=nwbfile,
        backend=backend,
    )

    # Make any modifications to the configuration in this step, for example...
    backend_configuration["acquisition/ElectricalSeriesAP/data"].compression_method = "Blosc"

    # Configure and write the NWB file
    nwbfile_path = "./my_nwbfile_name.nwb"
    converter.run_conversion(
        nwbfile_path=nwbfile_path,
        nwbfile=nwbfile,
        backend=backend,
        backend_configuration=backend_configuration,
    )

.. note::

    If you do not intend to make any alterations to the default configuration for the given backend type, then you can follow the classic workflow...

    .. code-block::

        converter = ConverterPipe(data_interfaces=data_interfaces)

        # Fetch available metadata
        metadata = converter.get_metadata()

>         # Create the in-memory NWBFile object and retrieve a default configuration

Reviewer 2: Here,  I think this is copied from the other structure but does not apply here, right?

Author: What about this does not apply? This is just the bare minimum snippet to showcase the one new keyword argument for `backend : Literal["hdf5", "zarr"]` automatically configures things without custom overrides or explicit configuration passed

Author: Oh I see now, the phrasing of the comment

        backend="hdf5"

        # Configure and write the NWB file
        nwbfile_path = "./my_nwbfile_name.nwb"
        converter.run_conversion(
            nwbfile_path=nwbfile_path,
            nwbfile=nwbfile,
            backend=backend,
        )

    and all datasets in the NWB file will automatically use the default configuration!

> Generic tools

Reviewer 2: I can't make sense of this section. What does it provide that the other approaches do not? Maybe we can have that in the first paragraph. Something like:

Maybe you want to do x and that is not possible with the other approaches, to solve your problem you can use the following approach:

Author: This section showcases how it can be used in conjunction with non-NeuroConv approaches (any in-memory NWBFile)

The others use the built-in class methods, not the base tool method

    )

    # Instantiate interfaces and converter
    ap_interface = SpikeGLXRecordingInterface(
        file_path=".../spikeglx/Noise4Sam_g0/Noise4Sam_g0_imec0/Noise4Sam_g0_t0.imec0.ap.bin"
    )
    phy_interface = PhySortingInterface(
        folder_path=".../phy/phy_example_0"
    )

    data_interfaces = [ap_interface, phy_interface]
    converter = ConverterPipe(data_interfaces=data_interfaces)

    # Fetch available metadata
    metadata = converter.get_metadata()

    # Create the in-memory NWBFile object and retrieve a default configuration
    backend="hdf5"

    nwbfile = converter.create_nwbfile(metadata=metadata)
    backend_configuration = converter.get_default_backend_configuration(
        nwbfile=nwbfile,
        backend=backend,
    )

    # Make any modifications to the configuration in this step, for example...
    backend_configuration["acquisition/ElectricalSeriesAP/data"].compression_method = "Blosc"

    # Configure and write the NWB file
    nwbfile_path = "./my_nwbfile_name.nwb"
    converter.run_conversion(
        nwbfile_path=nwbfile_path,
        nwbfile=nwbfile,
        backend_configuration=backend_configuration,
    )

.. note::

>     If you do not intend to make any alterations to the default configuration for the given backend type, then you can follow the classic workflow...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you do not intend to make any alterations to the default configuration for the given backend type, then you can follow the classic workflow:
```

You can see what compression methods are available on your installation by printing out the following variable:

    .. code-block:: python

      from neuroconv.tools.nwb_helpers import AVAILABLE_HDF5_COMPRESSION_METHODS

      AVAILABLE_HDF5_COMPRESSION_METHODS

    .. code-block:: bash

      {'gzip': 'gzip',
       ...
       'Zstd': hdf5plugin._filters.Zstd}

    And likewise for ``AVAILABLE_ZARR_COMPRESSION_METHODS``.

**Can I modify the maximum shape or data type through the NeuroConv backend configuration?**

Core fields such as the maximum shape and data type of the source data cannot be altered using the NeuroConv backend configuration.

Instead, they would have to be changed at the level of the read operation; these are sometimes exposed to the initialization inputs or source data options.

**Can I specify a buffer shape that incompletely spans the chunks?**

The ``buffer_shape`` must be a multiple of the ``chunk_shape`` along each axis.

This was found to give significant performance increases compared to previous data iterators that caused repeated I/O operations through partial chunk writes.

**How do I disable chunking and compression completely?**

> To completely disable chunking (i.e., 'contiguous' layout), set both ``chunk_shape=None`` and ``compression_method=None``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To completely disable chunking for HDF5 backends (i.e., 'contiguous' layout), set both ``chunk_shape=None`` and ``compression_method=None``.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe not that important and this is what you meant but you can pass  `chunks=None` to zarr and get all the data in one file:

```
import zarr

# Create a Zarr group
zarr_folder = zarr.open_group('test_zarr.zarr', mode='w')

# Create an array and add it to the Zarr group
array_data = np.random.rand(20, 20, 20)
zarr_array = zarr_folder.create_dataset('array', data=array_data, chunks=None)
zarr_array.info
```

<table class="zarr-info"><tbody><tr><th style="text-align: left">Name</th><td style="text-align: left">/array</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Type</th><td style="text-align: left">zarr.core.Array</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Data type</th><td style="text-align: left">float64</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Shape</th><td style="text-align: left">(20, 20, 20)</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Chunk shape</th><td style="text-align: left">(20, 20, 20)</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Order</th><td style="text-align: left">C</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Read-only</th><td style="text-align: left">False</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Compressor</th><td style="text-align: left">Blosc(cname='lz4', clevel=5, shuffle=SHUFFLE, blocksize=0)</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Store type</th><td style="text-align: left">zarr.storage.DirectoryStore</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">No. bytes</th><td style="text-align: left">64000 (62.5K)</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">No. bytes stored</th><td style="text-align: left">56455 (55.1K)</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Storage ratio</th><td style="text-align: left">1.1</td></tr><tr><th style="text-align: left">Chunks initialized</th><td style="text-align: left">1/1</td></tr></tbody></table>

Author: I did not check myself (trusted @bendichter on that one)

Our config literally just passes the values on to downstream calls so I assume this would work here, in which case we can remove this line as a minor point (even though `chunks=None` is the option, and even though the array says 1/1 chunks, that's all 'equivalent' to contiguous layout in a sense)
